I wish Old Qin a long life than Nanshan, our Qi family
I specially put a pair of Song Dynasty glazed lamps on your back.
My Linlin siblings specially sent Yu Ruyi
I wish you a long and happy life hahahaha
Everyone can come to my old man's birthday party
This is the honor of my Qi family.
Hey, Zhang Shoucheng, I see you didn't speak either.
You didn't come empty-handed, did you?
Zhang Shoucheng
Dear, I kindly invited you to the birthday banquet.
You're embarrassed to come empty-handed.
Mr. Zhang is probably used to eating soft rice
I thought the Qi family was carrying gifts
You don't need to be an agent yourself.
Hahahaha!
Joke
Our Qi family didn't come with him
If it weren't for Young Master Qin insisting that he invite you over?
Humph
Our Qi family kicked him out long ago, maybe?
Qin Shao just saw that Zhang Shoucheng was wearing too shabby clothes
So I specially invited him to the banquet to have a meal
In his capacity
To be here with us
That's really embarrassing, Zhang Suancheng
You came to the party empty-handed
It made our Qi family ashamed with you
It doesn't matter
It's good that Mr. Zhang is here.
Hard-working, you are too kind.
Food waste like this should be thrown out
How can you talk like that?
How about this?
I, Qi Shuanger, volunteered to offer 1 million for the defense of the city
As a birthday gift
I also offer Qi Jinger
Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng, you are really a soft eater
This is accepted. Do you want a woman to unload it for you?
Ah hahahahaha
Do you believe you two heartless things?
Put away our card
What's the cost of giving him this trash?
Don't worry, I don't like your vulgarity
Later
I, Zhang Shoucheng, will give you a century-old centipede.
Make wine for you
The value is much higher than yours
Guarantee, let the eyes of the Qin family head shine
What century, but Mr. Zhang, what nonsense are you talking about?
Zhang Zhongyi, don't think you are
I, the distinguished guest of the Qin family, can talk nonsense here